feat(contexts): Describe additional fields which can be set by SDKs in trace context (#1157)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/event-payloads/contexts.mdx

: _Optional_. The origin of the trace indicates what created the trace. For more details, see <Link to="/sdk/performance/trace-origin">trace origin</Link>.

`data`

: _Optional_. The map of custom provided data. Currently Sentry SDKs can set following fields:

| Field            | Type              | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `route`          | `string` or `map` | The current route in the application.                        |
| `previous_route` | `string` or `map` | The previous route in the application the user was visiting. |

> The `route` can also have currently following predefined fields if it is a map:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `route` currently supports the following predefined fields:
```

I had to re-read this sentence when I first read it, but tbh I don't know if my suggestion is an upgrade...

> The `route` can also have currently following predefined fields if it set to the map:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `route` can also have currently following predefined fields if it is a `map`:
```

| Field    | Type     | Description                                    |
| -------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `name`   | `string` | The name of the route in the user application. |
| `params` | `map`    | Params assigned to this route.                 |

> If the route set to string it will be normalization and the above created object will be created assiging provided route name to the `route.name` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the route is set to a string (e.g. `"route": "foo"`), it will be normalized into a map (e.g. `"route": {"name": "foo"}`) server-side.
```
